hey everyone I hope you all are doing
great I have been receiving different
questions and so this video is a user
requested video it's a question where I
just enter football girl 143 question I
also want to give a shout out to make up
check 11 please subscribe to her videos
she's really awesome so I just want to
say hi the question that I received was
if you have oily skin and right around
the nose area and right on the nose
sometimes we get bumps sometimes they're
white sometimes there they look like
goose bumps that was the description
that she had sent and it's very easy to
fix although it looks like it's
something really bad but it's it's just
your skin's reaction to some of the
elements that we're exposed to every day
it's really not a big deal so how do we
fix it really really simple fix my
friend actually showed this to me it's
this awesome little pink rubber looks
like this on the back this is where you
like hold it with your fingers this is
an exfoliator I had recommended another
one that you can get from the dollar
store which is a little bit more rough
and it's great for a really oily skin to
have that rough patch this is actually
more of like a rubber material it's very
very bendable and it's pretty soft to
your skin if you look closely at it I
guess I show you at an angle it has like
little spikes they're actually very soft
but they're meant to grab on to any
product that you put here also on the
other side it has these little bumps
they look like chicken bones chicken
chicken pox bumps I don't know they look
like bumps and basically what you do is
you use two fingers slide it in just
like this apply some product here to any
part of this I usually put like a DAB
right in the center of this and then
what you do is you just go ahead and you
exfoliate your whole skin with it this
is just as good as
using those Claire sonics you know that
are very expensive and not really that
practical you know this is something you
do at your home you know on your spare
time this is only like four bucks that's
like 200 there's a huge price difference
between one and the other thing and
really it has to do with what product
use on your face um this is the tool but
how do you get rid of that bump well the
first thing I recommend is definitely
proactive that first step cleanser that
has the benzoyl peroxide this is amazing
I've been using this for oh my gosh
years now a lot of people they follow
the instructions a little too well and
they put it on they wash it off real
quick you're supposed to leave it on a
little bit leave it on let it work in
leave it on for five minutes wash it off
yes you might feel some tingling that's
going to happen I mean you want to kill
bacteria this is a way to do it another
one that I really like is meaningful
beauty Cindy Crawford I recommend this
the cleanser more for people that are
not you know the the older lovely ladies
if you're you know over the age of 40
this is definitely the cleanser that you
should be using I use this because I
just don't want to see any lines on my
face a little bit paranoid about that so
I just I use that and if you're like me
and you're very like sensitive to your
skin and you want to use a cleanser
that's super sensitive that's that's the
way to go if you're looking for
something that's a little bit more
strong that has a little bit more
exfoliant in it Bath and Body Works
sells a face scrub that's made with
apricot and white t it looks like this
it's very small mind you this is my hand
and it's like that big not so big but
this is pretty awesome this is very
thick comes out like mud you know it's
that consistencies looks pretty horrible
it looks like sand it smells like
apricot it smells amazing really really
smells amazing you could put this on as
like a you know you could just use your
hands but when I use this I see like
more glowy skin
see um my the you know the first day
you'll see like clarity in your skin
it's like wow I should have been doing
this before what was I thinking that's
an amazing product and I think you get
like four of them for like ten bucks or
something like that it's pretty awesome
and it smells fantastic and I really
don't like things that smell a lot you
know so when I say something smells good
it really smells good the other one I
like you can get this from walmart it's
the daily regenerating cleanser from
equate this is a lot like the old lay
one except this is like hmm ninety
percent off the old way price is always
very expensive this is a very good one
it also has beads little micro beads in
it it's like white and it comes out kind
of thick too also you could use that
with your hands or use this but
definitely on your nose you want to kind
of go in there and really scrub it out
especially if you get that dry skin
around the sides or you get the bumps
you want to be able to move bacteria out
of the bumps so that you can you know go
ahead and maintain that clear skin but
you know everybody gets it not a big
deal super easy to solve but you you got
to put forth the effort and find the
right product to do it so I hope I've
given you some great suggestions thank
you so much for all your messages you're
you're just little comments at the
bottom some of you have been asking like
when's the next video I really
appreciate the sweet sweet things that
you guys have said so thank you so much
keep the messages and questions coming
I'm definitely going to make more
user-driven videos the next video I'm
making is about interview makeup it's a
one-on-one tutorial of how to do
interview makeup make sure it looks
clean and fresh and so you get the job
at least by looking at you you get the
job have a nice day guys bye